They told you to come up
since the spies are tied up.
Really?
This soon?
Are you sure?
If you don't believe me,
you can just stay here.
Ms. Pi.
Lead the way.
Let's go together.
Bun-ok.
I thought you'd never talk to me again.
Are you not mad at me anymore?
Forget about it. Come on now.
Come on.
Girls?
Comrade Director.
REPORT MESSAGE
SENDER: MORAN HILL 1
IS THE ORDER TO SEND
TAEDONG RIVER 1 BACK ALIVE STILL VALID?
"Eliminate Taedong River 1."
Where are we going?
Well…
I think they're gathered there.
Let's go that way.
I should've just killed you
when you looked suspicious.
Hey.
How could you think that way
when ordered to kill your comrade-in-arms?
Comrade?
He's a goddamn traitor.
He's not my comrade!
You're a piece of s***
who betrayed your country.
That voice…
I guess he's being held in the hall
director's office. Want to go check?
I'm sure Soo-ho's there too.
No. Bun-ok, let's just go back downstairs.
Bun-ok?
Bun-ok.
Go to the office quietly.
"Follow no orders but the direct ones."
They're telling you to kill me
even if other departments…
order you to save me.
Where do you belong, Comrade Kang?
The election scheme is the UFD's doing.
Is this also Director Lim Ji-rok's order?
Untie the doctor and Gyeok-chan right now.
What do you think--
Didn't you hear me?
Don't move.
Take one more step forward,
and I'll shoot.
Hand the gun over.